0:00 - Luka Leskovsek
Hi guys.

0:02 - Aleš Zorc
Hey.

0:06 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Everyone okay tonight? Tonight?

0:09 - Aleš Zorc
I said tonight because as I was thinking that, I was thinking of last night with Slovenia and Portugal.

0:16 - Luka Leskovsek
You watched the game, you didn't.

0:18 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
I didn't watch it. That was quite unlucky though, right? Penways.

0:24 - Luka Leskovsek
But it was a good game.

0:26 - Aleš Zorc
Yeah, it was an amazing one.

0:28 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Was the whole country watching it?

0:30 - Luka Leskovsek
Yeah, probably. We made Ronaldo cry.

0:33 - Aleš Zorc
Exactly, so we didn't win the game but we made Ronaldo cry which is quite an achievement, I'd say.

0:42 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Yeah. I mean, that's quite a good run for Slovenia, right?

0:47 - Aleš Zorc
There's small countries, small team. Yeah, I mean it's the first time in history that they qualified for. What's the heroes?

1:00 - Luka Leskovsek
I think it's the furthest we ever came.

1:02 - Aleš Zorc
Yeah, well how it's called like this.

1:05 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
It's not quarter finals It's last 16.

1:08 - Aleš Zorc
Yeah, that's 16.

1:09 - Luka Leskovsek
I think it's eight Isn't that no, hey, that's cool.

1:12 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Oh, Oh, come on Yeah, yeah, no, it's the last 16 last six 16.

1:19 - Aleš Zorc
Yeah, and now in the quarter finals Yeah, yeah, well, it's good. It was a good run anyway.

1:27 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Yeah, it was Quite good Hey, Edward, sorry, I tried to connect something That's okay. Can you hear us?

1:52 - proficircle
Yes.

1:53 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Yes. I hear Good good. How is saying everything okay on your end?

1:59 - proficircle
Yes.

2:00 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
What about you?

2:00 - proficircle
Oh, good, I just came back from Greece.

2:03 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
I'm nice and refreshed. The night.

2:07 - proficircle
Say again. How was the in Greece? Too hot.

2:14 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
I was 35 degrees and me being Scottish, that was too hot for me. So I brought Luca and Alex with me.  I'll quickly introduce them. Luca is one of our VPs of engineering and he heads up one of the tribes.  And Alex is a senior engineer and AI expert at Delabs.

2:38 - proficircle
Nice to meet you.

2:41 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Likewise. So last time we spoke, we kind of touched on one of the main problems that you're having at ProfiCircle or one of the kind of main challenges that will allow you to unlock scale with your marketplace.  And that was around the complexity of the.

3:00 - proficircle
kind of design and quoting system that takes quite a long time at the moment and you believe that through AI that would you could get that down drastically to a few hours instead of I think you said it was almost a week um is that correct yeah yeah yeah okay I will I have some comments and I mean to explain maybe deeper but after that would be good actually yeah yeah so my question was because you know I made my own interpretation of the process based on the website and you know my knowledge about your business but it would be good to hear from you what is actually the input what you do and how you do it and where is the biggest battle like you know what is currently actually taking the majority of the time basically okay I would try to be short for me it's completely not easy to explain but okay look finally as we understood I mean our our business is in construction  As you know, constructions have two parts. Main construction and pit-out. Like when you furnish your new home, you need to buy apartment after you need to find a lot of vendors, services, providers, and to furnish your enter form.  In our case, it's the same story. We come on place when the building is ready, or maybe sometimes the owner is changed.  mean, another owner, another guest. And we help companies to go across from the old pit-out process in order to finalize faster, cheaper, and find better solutions.  Because today, when you would like to furnish, let's say you have a shop, you have office spaces in the warehouse.  Like one location. You need to like a commercial center, let's say. And you need to furnish. You need to find multiple suppliers.  Usually the company do this locally, using small companies like local dealers. 520 people, mean, really small companies. And they have it.  really big margins, like 20, 30, 50 percent, maybe sometimes 100, but maybe you'll not find locally the newest technology, and maybe in another country, in other regions, and you'll not have, it's really complicated for you to find someone outside and to discuss and to, because you maybe sometimes you need to show the space and so on, and it's complicated.  And finally, sometimes they not have clean understanding about what they're looking for. They have some ideas, but not have a clean instruction what they're looking for.  in our, what we do, previously I have a company who was a dealer for multiple vendors of equipment and foreign share from different countries, mostly from European Union.  And I personally go across maybe 3,200 projects for different fit outs. And after that, I have experience here. with a Flash-style website, like a few years in UK and Romania.  finally, I combined like a two online understanding and offline experience. And we help customers, first of all, to create easily RFQ, request for quotation.  They come in platform, we have in-distributed forms with AI, and they can express, I mean, they can just need to answer to potential questions, similar to how they do today with the physical people, like in companies.  And they have questions, like they can also ask about what is that. And AI can, after, can complete the point-by-point forms without to, I mean, to manage this directly by customers.  RFQ process usually stays in real life two weeks, because customers need to send individual request to few suppliers on each type of equipment, and they  calling them, send on email questions, and this process is like that. What is this dimension?

7:05 - Luka Leskovsek
What are you looking for?

7:06 - proficircle
To receive emails, calls, they need to answer, ask some colleagues, and this process in our case is done sometimes in the same day, but not that in the second day because they have all the questions done.  Some of the companies manage in a few minutes, some of the companies. After the RFQ is ready, the platform automatically select suitable suppliers for each type of the product or services because we know what client is looking for, timeline, pricing, quality, solution, and so on.  When they are looking locally, they find a maximum of like is suitable and finally they don't have a choice.

7:56 - Luka Leskovsek
They have just one version.

8:00 - proficircle
Finally, after that companies, in the beginning, they started to send update design, because every factory has different dimension sometimes.  Design is the same, but they need to improve part of the design. Customers need to approve design. Design is showing in comparison table.  I will show you a little bit how it looks in our demo. After that suppliers, after design is approved, they started to bid.  And when the bidding process is ended, mean the customers can view in competitive table few workers, exactly like point by point, term delivery quality, links to websites, link to offer, link to design and so on.  And after that, when they choose, like each supplier, they can sign a contract online and they can have a nice tool, okay, not a good one for project management.  Because imagine when you do fit out, you have a few companies, a few producers, few installation companies, transportation companies and owners.  And all of this communication now is done by phone. I mean, imagine how complicated it is to In our case, we have a chat and in this chat, we have several groups and they can communicate in one place.  We charge suppliers, subscription commission and for customers, for the moment, is for free. Even today, the companies who we have not have direct competitors, we are the first startup like that domain.  We are really the first one. can look, I mean, you're not fine. Maybe now, I don't know. Maybe they don't check last two months.  And finally, we don't charge customers. buyers and we decided to do this next year and at the moment we tell them that guys you are lucky because we have you have 12 months free prior and our main problem for the moment because in each I mean imagine we do a lot of like improvement price every time pricing is approximately 10-20% less every time because the price from Poland in Turkish Italy everything is cheaper than in German or in France every time and solution if like I say we can we can we help them to do this in few days overhead cost is much cheaper because these guys they also have another job every not it's not permanent job to like if you do fit out of spaces they have like different positions and we reduce overhead cost like a five times pricing and also  quite a lot of solutions that not exist on the local market. Our main problem right now is, because in any, let's say, today our clients is the e-commerce, 3PL, distribution company, different type of producers.  And because we don't have a real competition, like we have just offline competition, the old suppliers that selling offline, we it's hard to explain to them that we provide a lot of services for free.  finally, we have two solutions. One of them is still like a VP or a procurement director or a logistic director.  And they are not in touch with the individual projects in each city, each country. They know just how, what they need.  And finally, they can understood the importance to use our platform for the whole company because they, like bolts in one year, we do 20,000.  project for him, for them, and they pay less like 250k and not say about overhead costs. And finally, they understood what we're doing, but because they are not directly involved in the process, they stay a few months until we start to collaborate.  When we need to move faster is with the project managers, the guys who are directly responsible from the individual projects.  Let's say, they only have a factory in Lyon, and in Lyon they have a location, like a very house, when they have a specifically a person who directly managed Lyon a few hours.  And these guys, if you find this type of person, we have 99.9 approval to use a platform immediately, I mean, right now, because they need, I mean, initially we have a problem that they are still working with the whole supply.  additional suppliers. And they use it also to receive a few quotations from our side and a few quotations from previous ones.  And sometimes they obtain the higher discounts on the local ones. And we have not so big, like I say, win rate.  But now we offer them, guys, invite your suppliers also for free, first time to the platform. You can see all the offers in one place in comparison table, not need to negotiate with them individually.  And finally, they will see the prices from our suppliers and maybe they will give you the best conditions. And clients in that way, they can definitely understood the value of the platform because they will not do by job offline and online, they will do one place.  And usually we know after the first experience, they will come back. at that moment, the suppliers will pay if they win.  But now what we have also the bonus that suppliers can manage in other projects on the platform. potentially. And finally, we know exactly if we find a right person, no, I mean, every time we have approximately 100% onboarding rate.  But also, it's difficult to find. We try to find, to buy visitors data from exhibition, like a different exhibition, realistic, logistic, retail.  This, I mean, but we just, I mean, new for us, we just, we're not, we still not starting to do that.  And in any company, like, let's say, we're looking for the company middle to large, because they have multiple projects per year.  And in each company, like I say, 1000 employers, 20 employers in 20 locations in touch with a few thousand.  But how to find this 20 employer is really complicated. mean, because it's not, and let's say, we do a great job for them, we have really not  competition, big market, I mean, really, I say, blue ocean market, definitely, you can look on competition, but you're not fine.  And this is a story. just a few comments that we also have on our platform, Rental Solutions, because imagine you are a company like, let's say, Vault, and you need to equip 20 locations, and you need to do a delivery, because you are delivery company.  And you need automation. Automation offline is like a 50k, automation is a 500. And you're not even your big companies, like a DoorDash or something like that, you don't have some big budget.  And what you propose, we find few companies, is there are really, for the moment, is not so many companies, and we offer a least solution.  In order to pay 500k, as they paint like 10,000 per month, but in the 10,000, they skip at least three employers on the  on the very house. And this is approximately the same amount. And finally, they can use automation, deliver faster, and without to pay a lot of money.  in our industry, 3% of the companies can use because there's not many company who do this. And we find all the potential companies who manage like that and adding to the platform, like GreenCafe or Germany.  And let's say we have a lot of features, possibilities to improve the customer. But we, let's say, we need to go deeper in our strategy.  And also small companies, we are not, sorry, I mean, just one sentence and I will finish. Imagine small companies that we're starting in Romania, they almost unpaid double.  If the cost is 5,000, they pay 10,000. If 10,000, they like pay 17,000. But because is a lot of imagine to find and do demo, like a lot of...  lot of like additional cost and we not have power now to manage small clients. But when we do pay-per-click campaigns, other like activity, we try now to implement PLG, product lead growth.  Because in that case, they can come to our advertisement, they can easily, immediately, we allow them immediately to starter of QF without login, without any sign-ups.  They're starting to fill out form, small one initially, not big ones, because these big ones it may be more complicated.  They fill out small form and after we ask, guys, did you want to maybe to create professional review? I mean answer to more questions.  And after that, when they answer, we ask them to confirm the account. And finally, after a lot of job, they understood how it works, some video.  And this can help us use our platform on this PLG concept in order to also work with the small clients, but this is a millions, millions small company who they even the big company, small one know they buy what they have near the company.  Sorry, okay, this is all my information and I'm waiting for your questions.

18:19 - Luka Leskovsek
This was awesome. It was a lot. I'm still processing it. So I have a couple of questions. So I'm gonna go back to the beginning.  So when we were talking about the offer creation. So those two weeks actually is kind of the classification process, right?  So you go back and forth with the buyer to get actually the information from them to better prepare the offer, right?  So it's not the offer creation process. But before we actually know all the facts, all the data specifics, am I getting this correctly?

18:52 - proficircle
Or I was off? Yeah, it's good if I will show you a little bit on the my screen. I don't know if you have time.

19:02 - Luka Leskovsek
We do, we do. Let's have a discussion. The more we know, the better.

19:08 - proficircle
Yeah, because finally we'll understood maybe better that just one second. Finally, we have a nice solution, but we didn't have experience to do this.

19:23 - Luka Leskovsek
And so why we wait for you to set up? So you have a team of like, you're developing this software internally, right?
SCREEN SHARING: Proficircle started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/114564230?timestamp=1168.971755  I'm guessing you have a team that is building all of that.

19:34 - proficircle
Yeah, we do internally. We do internally and we have a nice, our micro founder, Christian. He's really nice. mean, do a lot of...  I mean, we have also a nice team and what is important that... platform is really scalable. mean, we do, I don't, I can explain the technically how it's done.  But on the next call, you see my screen?

20:13 - Luka Leskovsek
Yes, demo.

20:15 - proficircle
Yeah, okay. This is like, okay, our website is a standard creative account. This is the dashboard with, I mean, normal way with demo.  I mean, this is not the simple flow that I explained in others. just I will show you how is the going creation of RFQ.  Okay, this is a starting RFQ company details like what I mean, the country, state and so on. And after they starting to create RFQ with AI is automatically they select the type of equipment is not all the we put this few of them and after they  a creative review and first of all the location of the very house and after some many like a set of the technical questions you see on the left side can be multiple in other section is not one minute here all but we ask depend of the type of equipment the question that is completely necessary to create a offer and these questions if it can be done immediately maybe in 30 minutes maybe now if the guys responsible know all the questions is really easy but depend if he didn't know something he can come back in few minutes they can ask the colleagues and so on and also commercial part the deadlines if they're looking for for leasing attach the documents what kind of offer they're looking for and this is a because after that they not have to do I mean not have anything to do on the platform because it looks this is like a dashboard  And they can see what kind of suppliers were invited to the tender, and they also can invite own suppliers, as I explained previously.  Next they can have a design, and they can like a common design, approve design, and this is a comparative table.  And they easily can compare several...

22:25 - Luka Leskovsek
One question, if you go up for a So the design, this is being prepared by your team?

22:31 - proficircle
No, no, no. It's prepared by... Sometimes the customer do initially with one of the designers before, or consulting company, like I say, who do this initially.  If they don't have it, this is a job of supplier.

22:47 - Luka Leskovsek
Okay, okay.

22:49 - Aleš Zorc
Sorry, have another quick question regarding that. Is that your tool that they use to kind of create this design, do they use...

22:58 - proficircle
No, it is not our tool. We're working on this. with AI, but it's not ready, it'll be ready maybe in nine months.  Any factory has these similar tools for their products. in our case, when will be our tool, this will be definitely a different story.  for the moment, this is a comparative table that all customers really say that is a great part of the platform.  Because imagine they have 20 pages, 30 pages for different supply and emails and they need to compare prices in different locations.  mean, definitely for them to have this comparative table with lease offers if they request, with the possibility to contact a seller to ask something maybe...

23:51 - Luka Leskovsek
Okay, makes sense. After they have, if they're looking for lease offers, they have several lease proposals. Do you have a provider for this or who is doing the leasing?

24:00 - proficircle
We have, we onboard companies, okay, so you have a set of different companies that are offering the leasing options, okay, based on the country probably, or is some of them in just in one country, but some of them are international depend, depend.  Okay, this is a, imagine the company have few projects, like in different countries, different cities, and they, the head of procurement, imagine, because we talk about project managers that is easy for them.  But imagine for management to explain to procurement why they're looking for, they buy specific equipment, because they can show them comparative table, they can show them the prices and so on.  But for the, I talk with the chief of procurement of bold globally, global, and he told me, for me before, I just see the payments to multiple providers, different quality of equipment, different prices, like, and I don't have any understanding of what, what we have in our company, what kind of the solution  And after with us, they have a standard price for equipment. The metal is a factory price and just different price for delivery and installment.  But finally, they can change from one location to another one. Imagine if you have multiple locations and one of them into close.  What you'll do with your equipment if it's not standard. Nothing. need to... This is a document tool that all the documents in one place.  Even the company have CRM. No one do put all the documents in one place. They storing it on PC or maybe in some another.  And this also is important. And this is that explains our communication solution. They can communicate similar like WhatsApp. We put this WhatsApp but they are designed a little bit different.

25:52 - Luka Leskovsek
That's already in place. chat function.

25:56 - proficircle
This one in place. This one is, we now need to create a new design, it's not ready. And some teams like a transportation company can upload images.  I mean, it's simple, but imagine for owners, it's good to have in one place all the information.

26:16 - Luka Leskovsek
What was done to install, how is the percentage of equipping and so on. And this is already in the platform right, so you can log in?

26:26 - proficircle
Yes, yes. All of this is in the platform.

26:32 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Sorry, I mean, I... Edward, if you can go down to the comparative table, please.

26:37 - proficircle
Yeah, just one second, sorry, I close.

26:48 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
So from my understanding from our last call, the problem, the bot, the problem to unlocking scale at your marketplace, is it takes quite a long time to get this quote 2010,000, 205,000, 205  15,000. And what you wanted to do is internalize that. So what happens in a matter of hours instead of a matter of days or weeks?  Is that correct?

27:08 - proficircle
Yeah, we went to using AI to like create this. I don't know if you look on our presentation because just one second is our deck.  We have this look. I mean, this is what we do right now. Okay, this was done like a few months ago.  This is we do first part and now we're working with supplier integration and layout generation.

27:36 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
So layout generation is the part with AI that will speed up the quoting process. Okay, so can we dig in on that a little bit?  Because I think that's what we can potentially help you with and we'd like to put a proposal forward sometime soon to kind of potentially offer to help speed that up a bit.  Okay, okay. Can we dig into that problem a little bit?

27:58 - proficircle
Yes, this is the one who's the problem. Another problem I mean, we need help for this PLG sales process.

28:07 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
This one, we live in that because like a small company is millions, it's like B2C. Okay, so maybe I was jumping the gun a little bit there with the, what is the main part that you need help with right now that sort of the book?

28:22 - proficircle
I say PLG is the first one and with AI, we do every time something every day, something we add.  finally, now we need to receive investment and for investment, we need to show them like some nice sales results.  maybe for the moment, next maybe two, three months maybe until December, more important for us because we've already created this solution five times faster.  This with automation is good to have on CDSA because this is a really game changer. And finally, on the CDSA with the traction that we already have like on the PLG and also like using the standard process after we can scale, but at the moment we need to create a nice process, how to cover country by country, industry by industry, and we believe PLG is really scalable, really scalable.

29:25 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Okay, so should we focus, should we focus discussing that for the next 10 or 15?

29:29 - Luka Leskovsek
We should, we should. But also, also the way I'm seeing, so one question for you is, are you seeing, because we're tackling the whole Europe probably, right?  So you're not focused on Switzerland or Netherlands, you're probably across Europe. Do you see any patterns across the Europe?

29:46 - proficircle
No, I think now using new technology, we believe that we know we do country by country, like say, okay, friends, but we believe that maybe on the, maybe in the next spring,  We can launch out in all the countries in the same time because we will learn how to scale up I mean in each country and now is not a problem with translation out notice of not the problem with another and probably next year also before serious a we would like to launch like not globally but in European Union at least.

30:22 - Luka Leskovsek
That's good.

30:24 - proficircle
Okay, I mean I was sorry I also have another meeting probably you sorry that I talk a lot and maybe you don't have time to ask me like maybe some questions.  But let's communicate now on email maybe if you I can ask your potential questions maybe I can send you some like maybe demo another answers.

30:43 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Do you have to leave now.

30:46 - proficircle
Yes, I have a.

30:50 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Okay, no problem.

30:51 - proficircle
Yeah, I think I will I will I will check if I can.

30:56 - Luka Leskovsek
But this was good actually today because you know we also spotted the same.

31:00 - proficircle
two problems like one is AI but that can be something we can do fast or probably not because you know depends on the project and the complexity of everything but we also be thinking about this one you know the the buyer side and how to tap into that because it seems based on the website you know the supplier you have that sorted out you have like a lot of them like more than 100 I guess yeah and you have more than 200 but this was initial sales but a lot of multiple companies but what is that I mean we would like to grow with the middle and large similar as Kosunno manage you know about Kosunno yes I told you previously Kosunno is a German startup they do similar what we do but for the main construction not for the fit out and they grow thousand times in one year thousand times from few million as we have a GMV they grow to 4 billion in one year well because they do this PLG in some way I don't know how

32:00 - Luka Leskovsek
No, this is a good one. Yeah, sorry, Doug.

32:04 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
Yeah, Edward. it possible to book another call with you next week just to focus on speaking to COG?

32:09 - proficircle
Yeah, definitely. Yes, I can talk next week when you have time, just send me a proposal.

32:16 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
In some time slots, I will select. Okay, sounds good.

32:19 - proficircle
I'll do that. Okay. Thank you very much. Sorry, really, probably by mistake, I have a meeting right now and I need to move to another meeting.

32:27 - Luka Leskovsek
Another problem. It's still, it was valuable because now we have a direction, right? So we are not tackling two things at the same time, but we can focus on one.

32:34 - proficircle
And next time, I can come with my team in order to maybe discuss, sorry, my English maybe is not professional, but my team, they speak much better.

32:46 - Doug Barr (D.Labs)
And maybe you'll understood. Okay. Okay.